# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.15.2
    # via amundsen-rds
amundsen-common==0.32.0
    # via amundsen-databuilder
amundsen-databuilder==7.5.1
    # via ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
amundsen-rds==0.0.8
    # via amundsen-databuilder
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
atomicwrites==1.4.1
    # via amundsen-databuilder
atpublic==6.0.1
    # via ibis-framework
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   amundsen-common
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-ai-magics
    #   typer
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
elasticsearch==7.17.12
    # via
    #   amundsen-databuilder
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via amundsen-databuilder
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
flask==3.1.1
    # via amundsen-common
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via amundsen-databuilder
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via amundsen-databuilder
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
ibis-framework==10.5.0
    # via ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via jupyter-ai-magics
ipython==9.2.0
    # via
    #   ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
    #   jupyter-ai-magics
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   amundsen-databuilder
    #   flask
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-ng==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-ai-magics
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonref==0.2
    # via amundsen-databuilder
jupyter-ai-magics==2.28.5
    # via ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
langchain==0.2.17
    # via
    #   ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
    #   jupyter-ai-magics
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.19
    # via jupyter-ai-magics
langchain-core==0.2.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-openai==0.1.25
    # via ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.4
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.4.5
    # via ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.26
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.69
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.1.147
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   amundsen-common
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow3-annotations
marshmallow3-annotations==1.1.0
    # via amundsen-common
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mock==5.2.0
    # via ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via amundsen-databuilder
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
neo4j-driver==4.4.12
    # via amundsen-databuilder
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   amundsen-databuilder
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
openai==1.79.0
    # via
    #   ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
    #   amundsen-databuilder
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
parsy==2.1
    # via ibis-framework
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via amundsen-databuilder
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via amundsen-databuilder
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   rich
pyhocon==0.3.61
    # via amundsen-databuilder
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   amundsen-databuilder
    #   httplib2
    #   pyhocon
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   freezegun
    #   ibis-framework
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   amundsen-databuilder
    #   neo4j-driver
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   responses
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   amundsen-databuilder
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
responses==0.25.7
    # via amundsen-databuilder
retrying==1.3.4
    # via amundsen-databuilder
rich==14.0.0
    # via typer
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   amundsen-databuilder
    #   amundsen-rds
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sqlglot==26.17.1
    # via ibis-framework
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsd==4.0.1
    # via amundsen-databuilder
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via amundsen-databuilder
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
toolz==1.0.0
    # via ibis-framework
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer==0.15.4
    # via ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
types-setuptools==80.7.0.20250516
    # via ryoma-ai (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   ibis-framework
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-ai-magics
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   ibis-framework
    #   pandas
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via amundsen-databuilder
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   responses
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
wheel==0.45.1
    # via amundsen-databuilder
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
