CMakeLists.txt
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
gobuild/.gitkeep
hysteria2/__init__.py
hysteria2-go/.gitignore
hysteria2-go/CHANGELOG.md
hysteria2-go/Dockerfile
hysteria2-go/LICENSE.md
hysteria2-go/PROTOCOL.md
hysteria2-go/README.md
hysteria2-go/go.work
hysteria2-go/go.work.sum
hysteria2-go/hyperbole.py
hysteria2-go/logo.svg
hysteria2-go/platforms.txt
hysteria2-go/requirements.txt
hysteria2-go/.github/FUNDING.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/dependabot.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md
hysteria2-go/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.zh.md
hysteria2-go/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md
hysteria2-go/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.zh.md
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/autotag.yaml
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/docker.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/master.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/release.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/scripts.yml
hysteria2-go/app/LICENSE.md
hysteria2-go/app/go.mod
hysteria2-go/app/go.sum
hysteria2-go/app/main.go
hysteria2-go/app/pprof.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/client.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/client_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/client_test.yaml
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/errors.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/ping.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/root.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/server.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/server_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/server_test.yaml
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/share.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/speedtest.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/update.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/version.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/forwarding/tcp.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/forwarding/tcp_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/forwarding/udp.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/forwarding/udp_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/server.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/server_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/server_test.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/test.crt
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/test.key
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/manager.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/manager_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/mux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/mux_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/internal/mocks/mock_Conn.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/internal/mocks/mock_Listener.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/getsockopt_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/getsockopt_linux_386.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/syscall_socketcall_linux_386.s
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/tcp_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/tcp_others.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/sockopts/fd_control_unix_socket_test.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/sockopts/sockopts.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/sockopts/sockopts_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/sockopts/sockopts_linux_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/socks5/server.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/socks5/server_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/socks5/server_test.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tproxy/tcp_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tproxy/tcp_others.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tproxy/udp_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tproxy/udp_others.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/check_ipv6_others.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/check_ipv6_unix.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/check_ipv6_windows.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/log.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/server.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/url/url.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/url/url_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/bpsconv.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/bpsconv_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/certloader.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/certloader_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/certloader_test_gencert.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/certloader_test_tlsclient.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/geoloader.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/qr.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/update.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/testcerts/.gitignore
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils_test/mock.go
hysteria2-go/app/misc/socks5_test.py
hysteria2-go/core/LICENSE.md
hysteria2-go/core/go.mod
hysteria2-go/core/go.sum
hysteria2-go/core/client/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/core/client/client.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/config.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/mock_udpIO.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/reconnect.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/udp.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/udp_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/errors/errors.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/utils.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/bandwidth.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/bandwidth_sampler.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/bbr_sender.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/clock.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/packet_number_indexed_queue.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/ringbuffer.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/windowed_filter.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/brutal/brutal.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/common/pacer.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/frag/frag.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/frag/frag_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/close_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/hook_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/masq_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/smoke_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/stress_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/test.crt
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/test.key
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/trafficlogger_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/utils_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_Authenticator.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_Conn.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_EventLogger.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_Outbound.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_RequestHook.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_TrafficLogger.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_UDPConn.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/pmtud/avail.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/pmtud/unavail.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/protocol/http.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/protocol/padding.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/protocol/proxy.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/protocol/proxy_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/utils/atomic.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/utils/qstream.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/core/server/config.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/copy.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/mock_UDPConn.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/mock_udpEventLogger.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/mock_udpIO.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/server.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/udp.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/udp_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/LICENSE.md
hysteria2-go/extras/go.mod
hysteria2-go/extras/go.sum
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/command.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/http.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/http_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/http_test.py
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/password.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/password_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/userpass.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/userpass_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/correctnet/correctnet.go
hysteria2-go/extras/masq/server.go
hysteria2-go/extras/obfs/conn.go
hysteria2-go/extras/obfs/salamander.go
hysteria2-go/extras/obfs/salamander_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/dns_https.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/dns_standard.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/dns_system.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/fastopen.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/interface.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/interface_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/mock_PluggableOutbound.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/mock_UDPConn.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_direct.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_direct_linux.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_direct_others.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_http.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_socks5.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/utils.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/utils_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/compile.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/compile_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/matchers.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/matchers_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/matchers_v2geo.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/matchers_v2geo_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/parse.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/parse_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/geoip.dat
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/geosite.dat
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/load.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/load_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/v2geo.pb.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/v2geo.proto
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest/client.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest/protocol.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest/protocol_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest/server.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/mock_Stream.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/sniff.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/sniff_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/LICENSE
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/README.md
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/header.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/packet_protector.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/packet_protector_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/payload.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/quic.go
hysteria2-go/extras/trafficlogger/http.go
hysteria2-go/extras/transport/udphop/addr.go
hysteria2-go/extras/transport/udphop/conn.go
hysteria2-go/extras/utils/portunion.go
hysteria2-go/extras/utils/portunion_test.go
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/black 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/black 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/black 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/black 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/dark bg 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/dark bg 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/dark bg 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/dark bg 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/light bg 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/light bg 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/light bg 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/light bg 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/symbol 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/symbol 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/symbol 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/symbol 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/white 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/white 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/white 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/white 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/black 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/black 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/black 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/black 4.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/dark bg 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/dark bg 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/dark bg 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/dark bg 4.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/light bg 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/light bg 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/light bg 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/light bg 4.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/symbol 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/symbol 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/symbol 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/symbol 4.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/white 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/white 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/white 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/white 4.svg
hysteria2-go/scripts/_redirects
hysteria2-go/scripts/install_server.sh
hysteria2.egg-info/PKG-INFO
hysteria2.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
hysteria2.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
hysteria2.egg-info/not-zip-safe
hysteria2.egg-info/top_level.txt
pybind11/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/LICENSE
pybind11/VERSION
pybind11/include/pybind11/attr.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/buffer_info.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/cast.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/chrono.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/common.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/complex.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/eigen.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/embed.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/eval.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/functional.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/gil.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/iostream.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/numpy.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/operators.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/options.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/pybind11.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/pytypes.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/stl.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/stl_bind.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/class.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/common.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/descr.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/init.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/internals.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/type_caster_base.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/typeid.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/stl/filesystem.h
pybind11/tools/FindCatch.cmake
pybind11/tools/FindEigen3.cmake
pybind11/tools/FindPythonLibsNew.cmake
pybind11/tools/JoinPaths.cmake
pybind11/tools/check-style.sh
pybind11/tools/cmake_uninstall.cmake.in
pybind11/tools/codespell_ignore_lines_from_errors.py
pybind11/tools/libsize.py
pybind11/tools/make_changelog.py
pybind11/tools/pybind11.pc.in
pybind11/tools/pybind11Common.cmake
pybind11/tools/pybind11Config.cmake.in
pybind11/tools/pybind11NewTools.cmake
pybind11/tools/pybind11Tools.cmake
pybind11/tools/pyproject.toml
pybind11/tools/setup_global.py.in
pybind11/tools/setup_main.py.in
src/hysteria2.cpp